Variable Status Docs (#493)
DevCycleHQ/devcycle-docs: docs/essentials/variables.md

Each Feature manages its own set of Variables. **By default, upon creation of a Feature, a Boolean Variable will be created which has the same name as the Feature's key for easier reference.** 

On the Feature page, there are indicators for each Variable that informs you if a Variable has been seen in code (if [Code References](/integrations/github/featuer-usage-action) have been enabled), and if evaluations have been seen. These indicators are helpful when setting up features to confirm proper setup, and aid in Variable cleanup once a Feature has completed it's [lifecycle](/essentials/status-and-lifecycle).

> Hover over the indicator for more detail about a Variable's code references & evaluation information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hover over these indicators for more detail about a Variable's code references & evaluation information. 
```

![Variable Status Indicator](/nov-2023-var-status-found-eval-rec.png)

> Depending on the Feature type, the default Variations will be pre-set. The most common of which will be the Variations of "Variation OFF" and "Variation ON", with the boolean Variable being set to false and true, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the Feature type, the default Variations will be pre-set. The most likely feature type to be selected is a Release Flag, and it will have two variations - "Variation OFF" and "Variation ON", with the boolean Variable being set to false and true, respectively.
```
